a lien is one of my favorite movies with
my girl Sigourney and the retro-futurism
and the latex costume should have never
taken him to see The Wiz
so when my boyfriend suggested that I
play alien isolation on PC I said
absolutely yes without really
considering that space scares me and I
don't want to be chased
it was off to a great start by perfectly
capturing the atmosphere and art
direction of the film
just like Sigourney's panties but as
soon as I reach the space station I was
like oh yeah
alien is a horror franchise it's just
not right it's really here here then
after the first jump scare no thanks I
looked at my boyfriend like and I really
tried you guys cuz I want to be brave
like Ripley but turns out I'm more of a
newt actually cried at one point and my
boyfriend needed to take the controls in
rescue
get away from her you [__] but turns
out he's more of a newt to I guess thing
if you do these your honor makes a bunch
of noise okay and it a lien comes what
play take a break
alright listen it's really scary I don't
think I'm having fun stresses me out you
don't know if I have any fun to recover
from the speakers we decided to play a
game where we could be the terrifying
unstoppable killer
[Music]
so this isn't a review of alien
isolation this is a review of doom
today's video is brought to you by
audible we were originally going to take
turns playing doom but once I crunched a
few demons I was like look at me sure
look at me
don't feel bad for him he's already
played this game like three times and
after all the games I've patiently
watched him play he still tried to take
over any chance he could get I can't get
back up here this is the hard and even
grab the mouse if I was taking too long
to figure something out okay
how is she pinched me oh my god you
abuse me baby oh you go on dr. Phil
however there were some moments where I
needed his help like how to reach this
lever and instead of just showing me he
would drag it out so he could play
longer here's what we're gonna do check
it out okay good
yeah open your eyes really being in love
significant increase in control in the
air we're gonna equip that okay right
you see open this up I've been to deep I
there we go
just like that it's saved a screenshot
and then you go I don't blame him though
cuz doom is awesome okay I admit when I
watched and play a couple of years ago
the ultraviolent images had me kind of
disgusted and if this were a normal
episode of girlfriend reviews my main
complaint would be but actually being
the one to do the ripping and the
tearing
and squashing and the slapping awoke of
bloodlust inside me I never knew was
there I liked it
we and even though my boyfriend is
really bad at backseat gaming I think he
was falling more in love with me as I
became your doom guy of history I'm
really good so yes your boyfriend should
watch you play doom and not just because
he'll think you're super cool which you
will but because you'll get to play doom
they're cute this is what I would call a
perfect game it might not change your
life it might not make you feel emotions
you've never felt before it might not
offer 200 hours of replayability but
what it does do is just as rare as those
things it keeps its promises they said
this would be a fast paced action game
with lots of guns to shoot power-ups to
equip and demons to kill and they
delivered a fast paced action game with
lots of guns to shoot power-ups to equip
and demons to kill however they didn't
stop there
oh no they had the novel idea of
stopping there so many games I've played
could kind of feel like a chore
sometimes with the constant
back-and-forth through a big open world
making deliveries or randomly becoming a
plumber when deep down all I really
wanted to do is shoot stuff in the face
and that's all doom is its software was
like hold up a minute you don't have the
most fun part of first-person shooters
is the first-person shooting what if we
made a game that was just that so it's
like you know fun the whole time so yeah
I like doom doom is good now let's take
this ten out of ten and see if I can
nitpick it down at all like a true video
game journalist there were a few
glitches and bugs I ran into this
possessed guy flew into the air like
Superman and then crashed back down
tomorrow's a few minutes later it was
hilarious and I'm sorry doom I'm gonna
have to give you an extra point for that
there were no boring pretentious
cutscenes to interrupt the actual gaming
and even though I had no idea what was
going on with Tilda Swinton's bicycle
pump I still had maximum fun so that'll
be a point as well there was no clunky
cover system or health regeneration to
make me invincible I could actually see
incoming projectiles and had to dodge
them myself plus kill enemies with my
bare hands if I wanted help packs so
that'll have to be another point doom
I'm sorry after beating the game I was
feeling confident and wanted more so I
popped into the multiplayer only to lose
immediately and give up my
disappointment was immeasurable and my
day was ruined and that's gonna be a
thirteen point deduction the soundtrack
is primarily made up of industrial metal
music which is the polar opposite of my
favourite genre known as
SFM it gave me a new appreciation for
something I would have otherwise never
been exposed to while also possibly
inviting the devil into my soul so I'm
going to have to give doom a final score
of 666 out of time now please enjoy this
message from our sponsors remember HBO's
Game of Thrones remember how it was the
best series to ever bless our eyeballs
remember that ending if you're anything
like my boyfriend you may have felt the
need to start reading the books but you
know what's hard reading a big old book
after a long day at work that's where
audible comes in audible has the largest
selection of audiobooks on the planet
and now with audible originals the
selection has gotten even better with
content exclusive for members matt said
what when he saw that william gibson's
unused alien 3 script was turned into a
dramatization visit audible.com slash
girlfriend reviews or text a girlfriend
reviews 2 500 500 for your free 30-day
trial members will also get access to
audio fitness and health workouts
created exclusively for audible a little
audible yoga might be the best way to
take a break from loud crunchy demon
skulls get started on your 30 day trial
at audible.com slash girlfriend reviews
or by texting girlfriend reviews - 500
500 all right you guys thanks for
watching this weekend Mario maker 2
comes out so we'll be live on Twitch
coming up with creative ways to annoy
each other I'm sure it will be a lot of
my boyfriend bullying me while I laugh
like a crazy person
we recently played GTA 5 and undertale
but please let us know what games you'd
like to see us review because we're
always open to new things ok thanks
again bye
[Music]